disable deprecated runtime metrics by default (#7418)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - New runtime metrics are now emitted by default. Deprecated metrics are emitted when the env var `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS` is set to `true`. (#7418)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New runtime metrics are now always emitted. Deprecated metrics are emitted when the env var `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS` is set to `true`. (#7418)
```

> - Default the emitted metrics to the new ones. Deprecated metrics can be used with the `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS=true` environment variable in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime`. (#7418)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime` now produces the new metrics by default. Set `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS=true` environment variable to additionally produce the deprecated metrics. (#7418)
```

> - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime` now produces the new metrics by default. Set `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS=true` environment variable to additionally produce the deprecated metrics. (#7418)

Reviewer 2: @dashpole, WDYT?

```suggestion
- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime` now produces the new metrics by default. Set `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS=true` environment variable to additionally produce the deprecated metrics. The next release will drop support for this environment variable. (#7418)
```

Author: leaving unresolved for visibility

Reviewer: This is the first time we will get wider feedback.  Lets give ourselves more time
